HOMILY vn.

2 T1M. iii. 1—7.

leis know also, that in 1]ae last days perilous times shall
come. For men shall be lovers of their own solves, cooelons,
boa-ster& proud, blaspleemerS, cli-§obedient to parente,
unthanlcful, unholy, Witlzout natural affection, trace-
brealcers, false accuser-3, incontinent, fierce, despz‘sers of
those that are qood, T raitorS, lzeady, Iaz'qh-mimled, locers
of pleasme more tlzan lovers of God,· Haviny a form of
yodliness, buc denyiny the power thereos ; from such turn
away. For of this sort are they, which creep into house-5⁴,
and lead captive sillgael women ladon with, sins, led away
with divers lusts and pleasureS‚ Ever learniny, and never

⁷ able to come to the knowledye of tlte truth.

HE had said in the former Epis'tle, that the Spirit speaketh} 'lii-1¹¹2·-

expressly, that in· the latter times some shall departsmm '
the saith ,· and elsewhere in this Epistle he foretells that
something of this kind will afterwards happen3 and here again
he does the same thing: This know, thal in the last days
perilous times shall come. And this he prononnces not only
from the future, but from the past3 As Jannes and Jambres
withstood Moses. And again from reasoning3 In (ι ,qreat
house there are not only vessels of qold and os se'lver. But
why does he do this? In order that Timothy may not be
troubled, nor any one of us, when there are evil men. lf
there were such in the time of MoseS, and will be hereafter, it
is no wonder that there are such in our times,

ΟΞ

